Okay, so now we get to have hopefully,
the satisfying experience
of seeing all of these little robot
lions that are the tiny quick
win projects that we've been working on,
the sort of mini projects.
Come together into one massive
object Voltron, warrior robot,
if anybody remembers this
show from like the 80s.
Anyways, the idea is that all of
these little kind of arbitrary
exercises that we've been doing
are actually like things that
we can build upon and we can build
them all in to An app that takes
advantage of all of those different
things that we have done.
So if we take our various quick wins,
and our now live selfie cam and
the code that we needed to run
to talk to the user devices and
everything, and
a little bit of extra niceties.
A little bit of extra UI stuff,
but nothing no really new
concepts that we haven't covered.
Then we get MEME ME, and I can has meme is
something that you too
can put over your face.
All right, so there's a couple
different links here, [LAUGH] So
sorry, they're not very easy to read.
But if you go to anjana.dev/meme-me, you
will see my version of this little site,
again, this is all,
we recognize this from our selfie cam.
If I press Allow, then all right,
now I have some buttons and
when I click on the take selfie, I get
a modal, and it has a little preview here.
This is one of the little extra bits
of code which we'll talk about.
Somebody had a question
earlier about how do we draw?
Do we need to draw a new photo for
every frame of the video stream.
We don't need to, but it is useful if you
wanna have a live preview of what your
selfie might look like so that you can
make sure you've got an amazing, or
maybe I wanna do the this meme.
And when I click that take photo, it's
going to now write it to this Canvas here.
Now we're going to look at
the code base in a second, but for
now we're just having fun.
Then I can click this add text
button which, guess what?
Another modal, did I have to rewrite
the same code over and over again?
No, because you all already implemented
basically a modal component for me, so
we can reuse that for
all these different buttons.
And I can add some text, like,
breaks the build and then takes a break.
[LAUGH] I've already tried this out.
[LAUGH] Because now it's not my problem.
If the build is broken and I take a break,
then that's somebody else's problem,
right?
But maybe I'm like, that's not really the
appropriate meme format of the image now.
I want a different selfie.
I can actually go in and
be like, I don't know,
position myself like,
[LAUGH] Make an extra ridiculous one.
And guess what?
We also have a little settings button
where we can change the theme and
it even stays changed.
And so this is essentially,
so we saw earlier,
we didn't really draw this meme me typed
text, but we drew that J S text we saw how
that work we know how to
draw an image to the camera.
We're going to talk about that live
preview in a second, but otherwise,
all of this stuff with one little extra
thing to make sure that the text and
the, [LAUGH] The image don't
kind of clobber each other.
For example,
if I want to change the build or
change the text, sorry, okay I don't know,
do as, [LAUGH] I say,
not as I do, for example.
We're clearing out the Canvas first so
that we can then have a clean,
and we're not just overwriting
lots of different text.
So we'll look at the code in a second, but
essentially this is all stuff
that we've already seen.
With one very small exception,
which is this live preview.
And we'll talk about that.
So if it ever felt during this marathon
of wins that I've been calling quick,
but actually might not be so quick.
We were just doing useless stuff that
could never be actually relevant for
a moderate, more than one button site,
for example.
No, do you have to build sites this way?
No, can you have a totally different modal
class or maybe not a modal class at all?
For sure, but all of those things
that we've done we can pull them all
together into an actual little app.
And what we can do is actually save these
memes if you right-click on a Canvas just
in general any canvas out there it'll
give you the option to save the image,
same as if if you were clicking
on an image or what have you.
So I can save these memes,
I can send them to all my friends,
I can put them in my slides for
you to laugh at me, whatever, all right?
So this is meme me.
This is the project that we have all
been secretly building the whole time,
essentially.
All right,
shall we go look at the code base?
>> Yep.
>> Cool., [LAUGH] Okay.
So, this is at the corresponding,
I need like a new line in here.
The corresponding repo is my same account,
slash meme me.
I'm gonna want those slides later, so I'm
just gonna open this in a new tab, okay.
All right, [COUGH] And
Firefox is helpfully
telling me here that there's still
a tab here that's asking for my camera.
Your browser may or may not be doing that,
but that's just what that's about.
Okay, so hopefully we see a lot
of stuff we recognize here,
other than the very
unhelpful commit message.
Again, do as I say not as I do write
more helpful commit messages than
the word in it.
But this is all I just committed this all
at once to show you sort of everything so
we can take a look.
I remembered to do a readme fab.
[LAUGH] And and what we have is
again stuff that we recognize.
We have things like an index.html that has
a little bit more going on than before,
but essentially nothing like out of
the realm of what we've been seeing.
So I have a canvas here,
put a little extra accessibility and
all things in case it doesn't load there,
put a height.
I have a few nested divs as one does for
actually containing things,
which divs are allowed to do, I believe.
The accessibility folks can
talk to me about it later.
And then what I have is essentially
these little steps, I call them, but
you could call them whatever you want,
where that corresponds to each of those
different buttons,
which are gonna become my modals.
So inside of each of those divs,
I have the content.
Remember we had that when we pass into our
modal constructor, we pass in the parent,
which is gonna be our little container.
And then the content element,
which is gonna be a little button that
I've just given a class modal content
to make our lives a little easier.
And then inside of that,
we have whatever we need,
an extra canvas for
the preview, a button ideally.
And then for the different models,
whatever content they need.
We have a couple of tech text inputs one
for the top and one for the bottom text.
We have our we know this one we know and
love our hopefully ID dark mode label and
its corresponding
inputs that is a checkbox we
already know how all that works.
And then I just have
some links in the footer.
So this is all again kind of stuff we've
seen the only differences I've made
a couple extra modals with
slightly different inputs.
And in this case a canvas which
we'll talk about writing to.
Okay, so
that's what's happening in our index.html.
All good so far.
And we're we're loading some CSS which
this is just to make things you look okay.
And again, not a CSS course and
do not take my CSS as how you should
write it cuz I'm not very good at it.
But in any case, we can go take the CSS
courses on Frontend Masters to make sure
we're doing that part right.
But we can just use these style sheets for
now.
And some of these styles are, for
example, using the impact font,
there's a class that then it's applying
that classic meme text font that impact.
Okay, so
that's what's happening in our HTML.
All right, so
if we go back into our root and
pay no attention to meme.html,
that's nonsense.
[LAUGH] I'm actually going to
delete that in a second, but
anyway, we have a main.js.
And if we go into our package Jason sorry,
we can see that that is
hopefully in line with what we
expect our package to look like,
nothing really new here that we
haven't talked about already today.
Yep, okay?
So now if we go into our main JS,
which again was referenced
in our HTML same as before.
Now we can see what's
actually happening here.
Let's zoom in a bit.
Okay, so we're importing some things from
some modules including our modal class for
example.
Which itself is using that form class,
but we're not actually using that in
the index.html, so we're just letting
the modal take care of the form creation.
And that is all basically copy-pasted
from what we did in our quick win, okay?
Then we have similarly to our earlier,
Dark mode quick win, we have something
that's just a tiny bit different.
Let's go look at it.
So in our search there,
in our theme we're doing all
of the stuff that we do to set
up our toggle, same as before.
We're just wrapping it in a function
that then returns that element for
the convenience of being
able to decide when
that gets set up in our main.js, okay?
But it's all the same code you already
wrote, just wrapped in a function.
And again, just to prove to you, this is
like the same classes and everything,
we're just exporting them for use here.
And we didn't import form, but we could
have if we wanted to add a whole other
form, I don't know, to send an email
to someone with your meme or whatever.
All right, so this is all the same basic
stuff that we talked about earlier.